{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20180\viewh10520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Projects Page Information
\fs24 \
\
Work Spots KC\
The idea for this app is simple, where is a good place to work on projects besides home or the office? This searches through a database and gives locations of cool spots to work near the user. I built this app during the UMKC website building bootcamp. After building the project outlined in the book, we each got to build our own web app. This idea was chosen because of the relevance to me while in school, but also many others who work from home.\
<br/>\
This is a full stack web application. The database is MongoDB modeled using Mongoose, the backend controller is built using Express, and the views are delivered through Angular. The link to the Github repository is <a href=\'93https://github.com/Noah-Huff/my-work-spot\'94>HERE</a>\
\
Blackjack\
This is a project from one of my classes. The requirement was a web app that required client side scripting. The inspiration for this project is partially from a Christmas party at a previous job where I learned Blackjack, and a coding challenge that I found online and wanted to tackle. I built this using Reactjs since I was hoping to learn more about the framework. This was a fun challenge that introduced me to the concept of state, and how to pass state down to other components!\
\
\
Frontpage\
<p>\
I have a strong desire to study topics in Computer Science which started at an early age. For a while this was an area that I would study intermittently, but recently I\'92ve been able to devote more energy to this passion. During the Summer of 2020, I had the amazing opportunity to go back to school to start the journey of pursuing a Masters of Science in Computer Science.\
</p>\
<p>\
My desire to pursue computer science started much earlier than pursuing my Master\'92s degree. When I was young, my dad set up an old computer running Windows XP that I could tinker with some basic computer programming. From there, during my undergraduate studies I was able to take electives in programming. Even more recently, while working for a small company I was able to look at the firmware for their equipment and experiment with the equipment.\
</p>\
<p>\
Computers have been a long term interest to me. So when the opportunity came to begin studying for my Computer Science degree, I was very excited. In addition to studying at the University of Central Missouri, I was able to take a bootcamp sponsored by the Full Employment Council and the University of Missouri Kansas City that finished in March 2021. Both of these have been crucial to my beginning understanding of Computer Science topics. Also, check out the projects I have listed on my projects page!\
</p>\
<p>\
Right now, I\'92m worked the most with React, Express, MongoDB, and a little bit in Node. However, I\'92ve worked with Angular, I\'92m studying and getting more familiar with both Java and C#. I\'92m very excited for this career path and learning as much as possible to be the best developer that I can be!\
</p>\
\
\
\
\
<p className="text-card">\
                    Recently, a mentor recommended the Gallups StrengthsFinder quiz to learn more about applying my strengths. Several of these strengths are related to adaptability and learning.\
            <br /><br />\
            As an example of adaptability, while working at F\'92real Foods,\
            I dealt with internal and external customers providing technical\
            solutions. I had to prioritize and schedule which tasks were most\
            critical on a day by day basis. More recently, while participating\
            in a group project for the UMKC certificate program, I set aside\
            my project suggestion to lead the project that the group agreed on.\
            <br /><br />\
            As a life long learner I seek out ways to constantly grow in new\
            areas. At a previous company, I was able to take the initiative\
            and explored the implementation and methods of embedded software.\
            Continuing this interest, I am now working with freeRTOS on an\
            Arduino board to learn more about these concepts. Additionally,\
            I have been developing web applications through the UMKC\
            certificate program using Mongo, Express, Angular and Node.\
            Using this experience, I have built a full stack website! Both\
            of these projects represent different programming paradigms and\
            interests which I\'92m looking forward to applying in a professional\
            environment.\
            </p>\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}